All right, let's go and format this state that way, show something better is maybe something like
this.
OK, let's go to where we calling our date.
All right.
We have to do there and we have two to do's, actually.
OK.
Thanks to a project structure here.
Let's go to our utils.
We're going to create yet another.
Class or just a file, because we don't need a class for this, let's say utils.
So here I'm going to say fun, safe format.
Data such so we are going to be passing a time stamp of some sort, which is going to be a time stamp.
Make sure you get to the correct timestamp, which is the Google Firebase.
There are different kind of stamp timestamps.
Get the Google database, Google Firebase, I should say.
OK, and we were going to return a string like this.
OK, so here I'm going to say foul date and I'm going to set it to a date format.
This is going to be from Java actually date format for Android.
I see you text like this.
OK, I'm going to say get date instance and I'm going to invoke the format and pass our timestamp like
this.
And then I'm going to evoke that, not to date.
All right, and inside here, actually, I'm going to make it to date.
All right.
There's going to be time stamp.
There is a function called to date to get it to date.
In fact, hover over returns a new date corresponding to this timestamp.
OK, forget.
And then I'm going to make it as to strength so that I can split, so I want to split this because I
don't want to show the year, OK, I'm just going to go ahead and pass the comma because when this comes
in as this date as it is at this point, it's going to probably have something like March 12 and then
2020 three like this.
So I want to get rid of this year.
So that's why I'm going to pass this split.
The regular expression of comma to say just split more comma is so in this case, we just can delete
this.
So now I'm going to just get the first side, which is going to be the.
Month and today it's like that.
And then, of course, on my return date.
Like that?
Data and data.
OK.
Now, probably one would want me to put all that in one line.
That's fine.
The same thing so we can use that now.
To pass along here, I would say format date like that.
And we're going to wrap that around like this.
You go ahead and go like that, and this will probably need to assert a section and do the same as well
here.
Format date, this has to be inside.
Like that, OK?
Let's give it a quick run.
OK, let's get this one.
Now you can see it started on November six.
So I can update still further, right?
If I say, well, not that great, for instance.
And they can update that, I go back, go back.
Here you can see now it's reflecting everything.
OK, very good.
The other thing I want to do is I want to make sure that whenever we update, we want to actually show
the user that this was updated and maybe take users back to the main screen or something.
Because at this point, it doesn't make sense because they update and nothing really happens.
OK, so back to our book update, we're updating the book inside of uncompleted listener, we know that
we've done updating.
What it can do now is when I call this method called Show Toast, which is going to allow us to show
a little toast message.
This comes up on the bottom, so show toast.
I'm going to have to pass a context as well as the message.
So that would say something like this book.
Updated successfully.
OK, so we need to create this show toast.
And somewhere at the bottom here, I'm going to just go ahead and say, show toast.
And for this, we're going to have to pass a context.
It's just going to be an Android context like that and a message.
It's going to be just stream like this, OK, to show toast.
It's very simple.
I'm going to use invoked the Toast class Android widget.
I say make text.
And pass our context and then pass our message such and then we have to say, toast that length.
I want this to be long, and let's not forget to show that taut toast.
OK.
And that's it.
Now go back to our readers here.
Let's go ahead and import that.
Now, how do we create a context because remember now we're inside of a composable.
Well, it's very simple.
Let's go back up when you say foul, say context, it's going to be from local context such and then
say current and then all is good.
So now, since I don't need that information, I'm just going to go and remove that lambda section.
OK.
Well, once this happened, we show that toast that indeed something was updated and all is good.
We want to be able to then navigate to the reader home screen.
So I'm going to say NAF Controller Dot Navigate, make sure again, I say this many times, let's go
to the root.
This one is strain, and I'm going to say reader screams.
And it was a reader home screen like that.
Let's go ahead and run.
All right, let's see.
Click, OK, let's update this again.
And let's update and voila, says a book updated successfully.
And it was so fast in what took us back to our reading scheme, our main screen here, home screen,
it was about this guy.
Let's update this guy as well, and let's give you three starting.
Let's go update.
Go back.
If we go back to that, you can see we have a starting date and so forth.
I can also mark Mark, as Read says finished.
This date can also update say, done.
And now I'm going to say update.
OK.
Update successfully.
That's very good at night's message there.
If I go now is going to say finished on that date.
This is the logic we put together before, and we really didn't see how it would be would turn out.
But this is what happens.
So we're going to show here started on November six, finished on November six.